Hi, this Alise McMahon for Expert Village.com
and in this video series we are talking about
dog toys. If you would like to find out more
about my services, you can visit my website
at www.canineheadstart.com. So we are talking
about different types of toys here and in
this short video clip we are going to be talking
about flying toys. Toys that you can fling
out in the air and the dogs can go and chase.
People love playing Frisbee, we love chucking
things, picking them up and throwing them
back and forth. Dogs enjoy it too. So I just
want to give you an example of different types
of toys that are great for flying, having
your dog chase them. Here is a rather small
one and it comes in various sizes and various
colors. It is a fairly sturdy plastic, its
soft enough that it is not going to hurt your
dog. It is fairly flexible and it is a great
thing to just fly across the lawn. It’s
a nice shape, nice size and the dog can pick
it up fairly easily. This is another type
of flying toy. It’s a soft plush toy. It’s
stuffed on the outside and its got cloth on
the inside and it also has a squeaker on the
inside so it is an added benefit for the dog.
Dog again, dogs love things that squeak. Another
kind of plush flying toy is chuckamonkey.
You can find Chuckamonkey or Chuckaduck. This
has a plush monkey on the inside, a squeaker,
a rattle and then the rope toy. This toy is
great for the dogs to hold onto to retrieve
for you and a lot of fun to be playing with
the dog in the backyard with the Chuckamonkey.
Another type of flying toy is a soft, softer
than this hard rubber, is a soft latex rubber.
It’s got a fairly significant squeaker in
it and you can throw that for the dog and
again, it is soft enough, it’s viable enough,
the dogs really enjoy chewing on it when they
are bringing it back, they can throw it up
in the air by themselves, they can catch it
and it’s not going to hurt them. This is
a great toy for dogs to play with and this
toy comes in different sizes and different
colors as well.